Why don’t oysters donate to charity? Because they’re shellfish.
What does a baby computer call its father? Data.
What did the custodian say when he jumped out of the closet? “Supplies!”
Why are colds bad criminals? Because they’re easy to catch.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
Which knight invented King Arthur’s Round Table? Sir Cumference.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing. They fast.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk!
What happens when you witness a ship wreck? You let it sink in.
How can you find Will Smith in the snow? Follow the fresh prints.
What does a clock do when it’s hungry? It goes back four seconds.
What’s the easiest way to make a glow worm happy? Cut off its tail—it’ll be delighted!
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time!
Why did Adele cross the road? To say hello from the other side!
What’s the best way to carve wood? Whittle by whittle.
What did the teacher do with the student’s report on cheese? She grated it.
What’s the difference between a piano and a fish? You can tune a piano, but you can’t tuna fish.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? “Aye, matey!”
How do you organize an astronomer’s party? You planet.
What’s the action like at a circus? In-tents.
Why did the scarecrow get promoted? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo’ drizzle.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little hoarse.
What do you call a fish with no eye? Fsh.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn’t come back? A stick!
What kind of car does an egg drive? A Yolkswagen.
What do you call a factory that sells generally decent goods? A satisfactory.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate 9.
Why should you never eat a clock? Because it’s too time-consuming.
What should a sick bird do? Get tweetment.
I want a job cleaning mirrors. It’s something I can really see myself doing.
What grades did the pirate get on his report card? Seven Cs.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it.
How did Ebenezer Scrooge win the football game? The ghost of Christmas passed!
Did you hear about the mediocre restaurant on the moon? It has great food but no atmosphere.
What kinds of pictures do hermit crabs take? Shellfies.
What do you get a man with the heart of a lion? A lifetime ban from the zoo.
What do you call a person with a briefcase in a tree? A branch manager.
Why did the baby cookie cry? Because its mother was a wafer so long.
What’s the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? One you’ll see later, the other you’ll see in a while.
When is a door not really a door? When it’s really ajar.
What do you do when you see a spaceman? Park in it, man.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? Poor guy really needed some space.
What’s the No. 1 cause of divorce? Marriage!
Why did the coffee call the police? It got mugged!
Why did Cyclops close his school? He only had one pupil.
Where do skunks pray? In pews.
If you’re American when you come out of the bathroom, what are you when you’re in the bathroom? European.
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it’s too far to walk.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke Skywalker got him for Christmas? He felt his presents.
What was the mummy’s favorite type of music? Wrap.
I’m only familiar with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know why.
Did you hear about the beautiful wedding? Even the cake was in tiers.
Why are there fences are cemeteries? Because everyone’s always dying to get in.
A company is making glass coffins. Whether they’re successful remains to be seen.
What did one wall say to the other? “Meet me at the corner!”
What do you call a large African mammal with long hair and sandals? A hippie-potamus.
How do you think the unthinkable? With an itheberg!
What’s the award for being the best dentist? A plaque.
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the P is silent.
I bought sneakers from a drug dealer. I don’t know what he laced them with but I’ve been tripping all day!
Why did Mozart hate chickens? Because when he asked them for their favorite composer, they said, “Bach! Bach! Bach!”
Why did the toilet paper roll downhill? To get to the bottom.
What’s the best name for a man who can’t stand? Neil.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eyed deer.
Why are groups of fish so smart? Because they travel in schools.
How much does the heaviest skeleton weigh? A skeleton.
What did the drummer name her twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two.
What’s big, gray and doesn’t matter? An irrelephant.
Why did the snowman pick through a bag of carrots? Because he was picking his nose.
Why does Waldo only wear stripes? Because he doesn’t want to be spotted.
I witnessed an attempted murder earlier—fortunately only one crow showed up!
I tried buying camouflage the other day but I couldn’t find any.
What did one bean say to the other? “How you bean?”
How do you catch a bra? With a booby trap.
How many tickles can an octopus take? Tentacles!
What do clouds wear under their shorts? Thunderpants.
Did you hear about the guy who won the award for best knock knock joke? He won the no bell prize.
Why did Cinderella get kicked off of the soccer team? Because she kept running from the ball!
How many ears do space aliens have? Three: The left ear, right ear and the final front ear.
Cosmetic surgery used to be taboo, but now when you talk about Botox no one raises an eyebrow.
Did you hear the one about the three watering holes in the ground? Well, well, well…
What did the socks say to the pants? “‘Sup britches?!”
What shivers at the bottom of the ocean? A nervous wreck.
What’s a ninja’s favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
I have the world’s worst thesaurus. Not only is it terrible, it’s also terrible.
What do hillbillies drink from? Hiccups.
What’s even better than Ted Danson? Ted singing and Danson.
Why did the invisible man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
What kind of music do windmills like? They’re metal fans.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A tunee fish.
I’d tell you the joke about perforated paper, but it’s tear-able.
What do you call someone else’s cheese? Nacho cheese!
What do you call a canine magician? A labracadabrador.
The rotation of the earth really makes my day.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they’d be called bagels.
What did the animals tell Simba when he walked too slow? Mufasa!
What do you call Samsung’s security team? The Guardians of the Galaxy!
I sold my vacuum yesterday. It was just collecting dust.
What kind of tea is hardest to swallow? Reality.
Why did the golfer need new pants? Because he got a hole in one.
Why did the man get fired from the calendar factory? Because he took a few days off.
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest? An investigator.
How do snails fight? They slug it out.
What’s Forrest Gump‘s email password? 1forrest1.
What did the left butt cheek say to the right butt cheek? “You crack me up!”
What do you call someone who points out the obvious? Someone who points out the obvious.
What sound does a nut make when it sneezes? Cashew!
Did you hear about the satellites’ wedding? The ceremony was OK, but the reception was terrific.
What did the Atlantic Ocean say to the Pacific Ocean? Nothing, it just waved.
What did the fish say when it swam into the wall? “Dam!”
Which school supply is king? The ruler.
What do you get when you cross a vampire with a snowman? Frostbite.
What do you call a person with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
What’s green and sings? Elvis Parsley.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
A jumper cable walks into a bar. The bartender says, “I’ll serve you, but don’t start anything.”
What’s the worst part of being an egg? You only get laid once (and it’s with your mom)!
What’s the worst part of being an egg? You're life is a living shell!
Three fish are in a tank. One asked the others, “How the heck do you drive this thing?”
What concert is worth just 45 cents? 50 Cent and Nickelback.
Why can’t a hand be 12 inches long? Because then it’d be a foot.
What’s the difference between a dapper man on a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a unicycle? Attire!
I left my job at a shoe disposal plant. It was sole destroying.
The past, the present and the future walked into a bar. It was tense.
What did Eminem say when 50 Cent made him a sweater? “Gee, you knit?”
What did the thumb say to the finger? “I’m in glove with you.”
What does a nosy pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.
There are three types of people in this world: People who are good at math and people who are not.
What do you call an Italian astronaut? A specimen.
Two guys walks into a bar. The third guy ducks.
Why do ghosts love elevators? Because they lift their spirits.
What do you call a snobby criminal going downstairs? A condescending con descending.
What did the princess say in the photo booth? “Someday my prints will come.”
What can you do if you’re scared of elevators? Take steps to avoid them.
What’s brass and sounds like Tom Jones? Trombones.
How do prisoners communicate with one another? Cell phones.
How many bugs do you need to rent out an apartment? Tenants.
What did one elevator say to the other? “I think I’m coming down with something.”
What’s a foot’s favorite snack? Dori-toes.
The shovel was a truly groundbreaking invention.
What did Sushi A say to Sushi B? “Wasa-B!”
You know why they called it “the dark ages?” There were too many knights.
What’s the loudest kind of pet you can get? A trumpet.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One asks the other, “Does this taste funny to you?”
Does anyone need an ark? I Noah guy.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed!
Why did the melons have a big wedding? Because they cantaloupe.
Have you heard the joke about the bed? No? That’s because it hasn’t been made yet.
Why can’t wildcats take tests? There are too many cheetahs.
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener.
Why shouldn’t you make a “dad joke” if you’re not a dad? Because it’s a faux pa.
A man died after drinking varnish. It was a terrible end, but a beautiful finish.
What’s the difference between Prince William and a tennis ball? One is heir to the throne and one is thrown in the air.
What’s the derivative of Amazon? Amazon Prime.
Why couldn’t the pirate sit down? His booty got stolen!
Why was the broom late for a meeting? It overswept.
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He sipped his coffee before it was cool.
What did the over-excited gardener do when spring came? She wet her plants.
What do you call Batman if he skips church? Christian Bale!
I used to hate body hair, but then it grew on me.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
What kind of dinosaur has the biggest vocabulary? The thesaurus!
What did the grape do when it got stomped on? It let out a little wine.
What’s the best part about Switzerland? The flag is a big plus.
What did the buffalo say when his son left? Bison!
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta!
Did you know the first French fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece!
What do carb-loving zombies eat? Graaaaaaaains.
What’s the best time to see a dentist? Tooth hurty.
What’s the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One is heavy and one is a lot lighter.
Why shouldn’t you write with a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless.
How much does an influencer weigh? An Instagram.
What do you get when you combine a rhetorical question and a joke?
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation.
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow.
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well!
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock.
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
Can February March? No, but April May!
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it!
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it.
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down!
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
What do houses wear? An address.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it!
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe!
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse.
If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?
RIP boiling water, you will be mist.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around.
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap.
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
"Did you get your haircut?" No, I got them all cut.
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
"I'll call you later." Don't call me later, call me Dad.
If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up.
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.